Okay so now we've got our local host and were press all installed when I'm going to get to work on impossibile
boost of folder's into our custom theme.
So if we go back to the mump folder and then under the Haiti docs go find our tranquil w.p. folder.
So open this up.
And these are all the files and folders that's included weird were pressed by default.
Most of the work that we'll do on the custom theme will be inside w.p. content and then inside the themes
folder.
So inside the Feme Soledad there's the standard default beams and included weird Wordpress.
2015 is the most current and that's one that we seen when we opened up our website before.
So inside the themes folder.
Let's get started with our custom theme.
So if you go to new folder and once call it tranquil.
WP.
So if you open up the tranquil WP folder and also our bootstrap folder.
You can start putting in some of the folders into our custom theme.
So I'm going to select all the files for now and copy and then paste these in to folder.
So we don't need the.
About the blog or the contact page just for now.
So I'm just going to get rid of those.
The index page we need to change is to index dot P P So word press recognises it.
So use a thp Extension.
We need to keep the images that javascript the CSA the font folder.
But in the successful there will need to move our custom access file and we need to move it to be at
the same level as our index page.
So if we select the customer success and then move that back one level.
In with the index page on the folders because that's where WordPress requires the SS to be.
And also it requires it's becall styled CSA rather than custom.
So change to style that C assess.
So as well has been our custom style sheet in our style that success were can also include some important
word Chris information about I will Feme.
So if we go back in to our text editor and you may need to refresh because we've changed some of the
files and folders and tranquil WP if we go to content themes.
And then tranquil w.p..
Well can and find the style sheet that will just renamed.
So right at the very top of the page if we just make some space and we need to go back into the web
browser.
So head over to Google.
So I'm going to do a search.
So if you search for kodaks so codecs is basically the word press documentation.
So I'll be using that quite a lot in this section to find lots of information such as HP functions self
and alferd of search for the Codex femia style sheet.
So it's a top link we need.
But if you just click the jump to Feme style she and this will jump to the part of the page that we
need.
So under the Feme style she had in her press gives us a sample of the comment that it needs to include
at the top of the style of C S S.
So let's copy that sample and then paste that in at the top of our style sheet.
So let's get rid of this sidebar.
We can start editing the information so right at the very top under the Feme name when our Feme name
him which is tranquil w.p..
And then the theme website so you can put in anything you want in there for now.
So if you put something in jerrycan there for now.
So a tranquil spa Feme.
Dot com.
And the offer.
Don't put your name in or the naming company.
And if you've got a website you can also put that in there.
And then you can put in a description for the Feme.
So I'm going to put in a fully responsive.
Wordpress laffin.
Built using bootstrap free.
So the Virgin can leave up point zero and the licence we can leave when a change some of the times.
Now bear in mind that the tags that were put in the stylesheet we can't put in any time that we choose.
They've got to be WordPress approved tags which you can find in the codex.
So for now I'm going to add the right sidebar.
Now these are separate by commerce so responsive lay out.
Custom header.
And custom menu.
Featured images.
And then in the end.
Translation ready.
Now some of these you may not understand what the arbour.
As we go through the course you'll understand more and more of what each one of these is will be adding
things such as featured images and will make the theme ready for people to translate into different
languages.
If they want to.
So the text the main We're going to make it the same as alfi name.
So that's going to be tranquil w.p. and we'll use that later on in this course we'll make in the Feme
ready for translation and we can delete the information at the bottom.
I know that's all we need to include in the stylesheet for now.
Okay.
And save that.
And if we go back to our theme folder which is in Haiti docs.
Then open opening go again to were press contant themes and tranquil w.p. and the last thing we need
to do before we activate offie in wordpress is if we go to the images folder in our custom theme and
if we locate the screenshot dot PMG we need to move this over.
One level into the same directory as we moved our stylesheet into before.
And then if we go to a web browser.
And then back to our Were press dashboard.
So for go to the tranquil spa in the corner and hover over and then click on the dashboard.
Basically the dashboard is really simple to use on the left hand side we've got a list of all the links
wolken our various posts pages are making change things such as the themes.
So if you go in to the appearance and select themes.
So as you can see active is the 2015 theme but we want to use the tranquil spa theme that we just created.
So if all goes well you should see your appearance on this page and then click on activate.
So now if you click on the home icon in the top left and visit site.
Okay so hopefully that's all one wealthy you and you feel you should now be activated as you can see
it's all working.
But still a lot of work that needs to be done to make it look like old bootstrap template.
So let's start by adding some of the folders that we need.
So back in to our theme folder in the hate docs one thing you may want to do is set up a short cuts
on your desktop or if you use in much can add one of the coloured tigers so you don't need to go through
the process of finding every time.
So mump.
And then hasted arcs tranquil wpe Content themes and then tranquil w.p. So for this tranquil folder.
I'm going to create the blue tigg.
So can you select the Blue and find it a lot faster if you use in a Windows machine you may want to
save a shortcut on your desktop.
Okay so we need to add a few more basic files in total folder so if we go over two brackets and bring
out the sidebar when a press command and N to create a new page.
So the first page we need to add is the header doppie HP.
So just say that as header dot page B.
And make sure that's included in our custom theme.
Along with the index page.
So save that for now and then another new page and save this as the footer doppie HP.
Then just two more to create.
So the next one is going to be for the sidebar and let's save the sidebar doppie HP.
And was a shock at this time I'd say that even with the index page.
And then lastly the last file we're going to save is for the functions.
So a new page.
And save up as functions doppie HP game making sure it's in the right location.
Okay so that's it for now and we'll see in the next video.